Streamline SPM imports (#736)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased
* Re-organize `/Frameworks` binaries into nested `/FatFrameworks` and `/XCFrameworks` directories.
  * Provides fix for this [CocoaPods issue](https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods/issues/10731) & allows proper usage of `PPRiskMagnes.xcframework` by `PayPalDataCollector` subspec.
* Swift Package Manager
  * Update Package.swift to include `PPRiskMagnes` as explicit target for library products that require `PayPalDataCollector`

>   * _Note:_ This simplifies integrations by no longer requiring manual inclusion of `PayPalDataCollector` to use `BraintreeThreeDSecure`, `BraintreePayPal`, and `BraintreePaymentFlow`

Author: What do y'all think of this CHANGELOG entry?

> * Swift Package Manager
>   * Update Package.swift to include `PPRiskMagnes` as explicit target for library products that require `PayPalDataCollector`
>   * _Note:_ This simplifies integrations by no longer requiring manual inclusion of `PayPalDataCollector` to use `BraintreeThreeDSecure`, `BraintreePayPal`, and `BraintreePaymentFlow`

Author: ```suggestion
* Swift Package Manager
  * Update Package.swift to include `PPRiskMagnes` as explicit target for library products that require `PayPalDataCollector`
  * _Note:_ This simplifies integrations by no longer requiring manual inclusion of `PayPalDataCollector` in order to use `BraintreeThreeDSecure`, `BraintreePayPal`, and `BraintreePaymentFlow`
```

>   * _Note:_ This simplifies integrations by no longer requiring manual inclusion of `PayPalDataCollector` in order to use `BraintreeThreeDSecure`, `BraintreePayPal`, and `BraintreePaymentFlow`

Author: Thoughts on this CHANGELOG entry?

Reviewer: CHANGELOG looks fine to me. Could simplify the second bullet point to just `No longer require manual inclusion...`

Author: ```suggestion
* Swift Package Manager
  * Update Package.swift to include `PPRiskMagnes` as explicit target for library products that require `PayPalDataCollector`
  * _Note:_ No longer requires manual inclusion of `PayPalDataCollector` in order to use `BraintreeThreeDSecure`, `BraintreePayPal`, and `BraintreePaymentFlow`
```

I like it!
